DATE: 04-3-12
UPDATE: 06-10-11

This is the documentation for the redshift comoving-distance magnitude calculation program. The 
following files are listed and explained as to what they are and what they do:

1) batch.c --- source code for generating the batch file invoked by GNUplot. Called by the main program code.
2) batch.h --- header file that gives the batch file routine. To be included with the main as well.

3) core.c --- main program code. Includes the two functions needed to run program from header files, namely: 
	      input_integ.h and batch.h.

4) function.c --- code where the function to integrate is defined. Called by the integration file.
5) function.h --- header file that gives the function. It is included in the integration file.

6) ingrl_simp.c --- integration file using Simpson's Rule. Calls function from header and is 
                    included in input_integ.c.
7) ingrl_simp.h --- header for the integration file.

8) input_integ.c --- code that is bulk of program. Called by main. Takes input of cosmological parameters, 
                     determines whether these inputs correspond to an open, closed or flat universe; runs 
                     loop to calculate redshift of galaxies/stars in 0.01 increments; calculates comoving 
                     distance to these objects; determines physical distance utilizing luminosity distance 
                     and accounts for whether this is along a spherical, hyperboloid or flat surface 
                     (i.e. closed, open or flat universe) and finally, gives comparison of magnitudes 
                     calculated in a SPECIFIED model with magnitudes in an empty model (Milne universe).
9) input_integ.h --- header for the input_integ routine.

10) comoving_scpt.sh --- executable script that will run all necessary compiling/linking by generating 
                         object code and executing program along with batch routines.  

All files are located under the directory: /astronet/Mmg/Project/src_lib_x. 

Program is located in ~/Project; name is luminosity_distance.

To build program from sources and script, just follow these steps:

1) Make sure all source files are in same directory!
2) Run the script comoving_scpt.sh on Unix/Linux; use ./comoving_scpt.sh. 
   This script can be anywhere and is directory independent. Can look for directory with sources as input.

The rest of these steps are for the program (after having run script or simply executing 
and using program itself). No need to recompile every time right?

3) Follow the program commands: 
	a. choose and type in the name(s) for the output file(s).
	b. type in the values for the maximum redshift and fractional density parameters that define the model.
	c. type in the name for the file with the gnuplot script (plotting batch file) that will use 
           output data to generate graph(s) as postscript file(s).
4) Edit the plotting batch file to accommodate all the output files that were generated in the run; 
   choose graph details like point sizes, line thickness, axis labels, etc.
5) From the shell, run the command: gnuplot [PLOT-BATCH_FILENAME].bat. 
6) Evoke postscript viewer for the output.
7) DONE!

